Release v0.22.0 (#574)
paritytech/subxt: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.22.0] - 2022-06-20

With this release, subxt can subscribe to the node's runtime upgrades to ensure that the metadata is updated and
extrinsics are properly constructed. The dependabot is added to the repository to keep the crate dependencies updated.

> The API's ergonomics are improved for iterating over N-map storage keys, allowing the API to be cloned between
> runtime tasks, running multiple storage queries without borrowing the client, and dry run extrinsics for
> validation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have also made some slight API improvements to make in the area of storage keys, and thanks to an external contribution we now support dry running transactions before submitting them.
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.22.0] - 2022-06-20

> With this release, subxt can perform runtime upgrades to ensure that extrinsics are properly constructed for the

Reviewer 2: What does "perform runtime upgrades" mean? It makes it sound like `subxt` hosts a runtime and can upgrade itself like substrate. Maybe we can rephrase this?

target node. The dependabot is added to the repository to keep the crate dependencies updated.

The API's ergonomics are improved for iterating over N-map storage keys, allowing the API to be cloned between
runtime tasks, running multiple storage queries without borrowing the client, and dry run extrinsics for
validation purposes.

> This release also improves the subxt's documentation, adds UI testing, and defaults the `subxt-cli` to return metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release also improves the documentation, adds UI testsa, and defaults the `subxt-cli` to return metadata
```

bytes instead of the JSON format.

### Fixed

- Handle `StorageEntry` empty keys ([#565](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/565))
- Fix documentation examples ([#568](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/568))
- Fix cargo clippy ([#548](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/548))
- fix: Find substrate port on different log lines ([#536](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/536))

### Added

- Followup test for checking propagated documentation ([#514](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/514))
- feat: refactor signing in order to more easily be able to dryrun ([#547](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/547))
- added subscribe blocks example ([#521](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/521))
- Add subxt documentation ([#546](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/546))

> - Add GitHub Actions to Dependabot and CODEOWNERS ([#555](https://github.com/paritytech/subxt/pull/555))

Reviewer 3: IMO not every single PR since the last release needs to be included, most PRs which are not relevant to lib users can be filtered out, thus imrpoving signal/noise.
